README.md, before:

# Vue 3 + Vite + Pinia + Vue-router + WindiCss + Yarn

Superfast and small in prod template based on modern [**VUE3**](https://vuejs.org/) and fast technology: [**VITE**](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) (pronounced /vit/, like "veet" =))), [**WINDICSS**](https://windicss.org/guide/) (next gen [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)) Forget bootstrap, vuetify. **SCSS** is enabled by default. Also include [**PINIA**](https://pinia.vuejs.org/introduction.html) (next gen vuex), [**VUE-ROUTER**](https://router.vuejs.org/guide/) and package manager [**YARN**](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started). All for comfort. Everything for fast development. 

[Vue3](https://vuejs.org/) +
[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) +
[Pinia](https://pinia.vuejs.org/introduction.html) +
[Vue-router](https://router.vuejs.org/guide/) +
[WindiCss](https://windicss.org/guide/) +
[Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started)

##
This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite. The template uses Vue 3 `<script setup>` SFCs, check out the [script setup docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html#sfc-script-setup) to learn more.

Commit message:

change: windicss to unocss add: preset windi, icons, settings update: color in HelloWorld.vue, package.json - now autocomplete tailwindcss

README.md, after:

## UnoCss (Tailwind / Windi CSS) + Vue3 + Vue-router + Vite + Pinia + Yarn
###

Superfast and small in prod template based on modern [**VUE3**](https://vuejs.org/) and fast technology: [**VITE**](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) (pronounced /vit/, like "veet" =))), [**UNOCss**](https://uno.antfu.me/?s=guide:preset-uno) (Tailwind/WindiCSS compact preset). SCSS is enabled by default. Also include [**PINIA**](https://pinia.vuejs.org/introduction.html) (next gen Vuex), [**VUE-ROUTER**](https://router.vuejs.org/guide/) and package manager [**YARN**](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started). All for comfort. Everything for fast development.

##
[**UNOCss**](https://uno.antfu.me/?s=guide:preset-uno) +
[**VUE3**](https://vuejs.org/) +
[**VUE-ROUTER**](https://router.vuejs.org/guide/) +
[**PINIA**](https://pinia.vuejs.org/introduction.html) +
[**VITE**](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) +
[**YARN**](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started) +
[**@vueuse/core**](https://vueuse.org/guide/) +
[**@formkit/auto-animate**](https://auto-animate.formkit.com/#usage-vue)

The template uses `<script setup>` SFCs and Reactivity Transform.
Check out the [script setup docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html#sfc-script-setup), [reactivity transform docs](https://vuejs.org/guide/extras/reactivity-transform.html#reactivity-transform).
